README.md, before:

# udacity-data-scientist-nanodegree-capstone-project
This is the capstone project for the Udacity Data Scientist Nanodegree program.

## Topic/Inspiration

Using Spark to Predict Churn with Insight Data Science 
(If you decide to complete this project, you can find a series of Spark lessons in the extra-curricular portion of your classroom, as well as a Spark Project Overview and Spark Project Workspace later in this Capstone Project module.)

## Steps taken

## Acknowledgments/Sources

## File/directory tree

```
- app
| - template
| |- master.html  # main page of web app
| |- go.html  # classification result page of web app
|- run.py  # Flask file that runs app

- data
|- disaster_categories.csv  # data to process
|- disaster_messages.csv  # data to process
|- process_data.py
|- DisasterResponse.db   # database to save clean data to

- models # different model iterations (different ML classification algorithms, parameters, features, etc)
|- final_model # one folder per model version

- img
|- screenshot.png # screenshot of the web app

- README.md # this file
- Sparkify.ipynb # working through 1st model iteration with sample data
- final.ipynb # final model selected for the app
```

## TO DO: Instructions from Udacity:

Student must have a Github repository of their project. The repository must have a README.md file that communicates the libraries used, the motivation for the project, the files in the repository with a small description of each, a summary of the results of the analysis, and necessary acknowledgements. If the student submits a web app rather than a blog post, then the Project Definition, Analysis, and Conclusion should be included in the README file, or in their Jupyter Notebook. Students should not use another student's code to complete the project, but they may use other references on the web including StackOverflow and Kaggle to complete the project.

[ ] Use plotly for visualizations

Commit message:

write ETL script to transform raw event data to user level to be used in modeling

README.md, after:

# udacity-data-scientist-nanodegree-capstone-project
This is the capstone project for the Udacity Data Scientist Nanodegree program.

## Topic/Inspiration

Using Spark to Predict Churn with Insight Data Science 
(If you decide to complete this project, you can find a series of Spark lessons in the extra-curricular portion of your classroom, as well as a Spark Project Overview and Spark Project Workspace later in this Capstone Project module.)

## Steps taken

## Acknowledgments/Sources

## File/directory tree

```
- app
| - template
| |- master.html  # main page of web app
| |- go.html  # classification result page of web app
|- run.py  # Flask file that runs app

- data - entire folder is gitignored due to large file size
|- mini_sparkify_event_data.json  # raw data to process
|- TRANSFORMED_mini_sparkify_event_data.csv  # data that has been transfromed

- models # different model iterations (different ML classification algorithms, parameters, features, etc)
|- final_model # one folder per model version

- img
|- screenshot.png # screenshot of the web app

- README.md # this file
- transform_raw_to_user.py - take the raw data and transform to user level for modeling
- Sparkify.ipynb # working through 1st model iteration with sample data
- final.ipynb # final model selected for the app

```

## TO DO: Instructions from Udacity:

Student must have a Github repository of their project. The repository must have a README.md file that communicates the libraries used, the motivation for the project, the files in the repository with a small description of each, a summary of the results of the analysis, and necessary acknowledgements. If the student submits a web app rather than a blog post, then the Project Definition, Analysis, and Conclusion should be included in the README file, or in their Jupyter Notebook. Students should not use another student's code to complete the project, but they may use other references on the web including StackOverflow and Kaggle to complete the project.

[ ] Use plotly for visualizations
